Proposal: Add Scraper.AI (#1436)
public-apis/public-apis: README.md

| [QR code](http://goqr.me/api/) | Generate and decode / read QR code graphics | No | Yes | Unknown |
| [QuickChart](https://quickchart.io/) | Generate chart and graph images | No | Yes | Yes |
| [ReqRes](https://reqres.in/ ) | A hosted REST-API ready to respond to your AJAX requests | No | Yes | Unknown |

> | [Scraper.AI](https://scraper.ai/) | Extract and monitor data from any website without worrying about proxies | `apiKey` | Yes | Unknown |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Scraper.AI](https://docs.scraper.ai/#/en-us/extractor/index) | Extract and monitor data from any website | `apiKey` | Yes | Unknown |
```
